Welcome to Pie in the Sky Airlines technology division!

OVERVIEW:
We are a fast growing new airline and are looking to enhance our scheduling
software. We would like you to implement a new route finder that will serve as
the canonical source of all routes (where we fly) in our system. This software
has two operations: to store and update information about the cities we service
and to query its data store for pathing information to determine routes between
those cities.

The software should be able to store and retrieve information about the distance
and flight time between cities. For example, a flight from St. Louis to Kansas
City is 250 miles and it takes 1.3 hours to complete the flight. Think of this
as creating a database of EDGE COMMANDs (see below).

We should also be able to query the system (EDGE database) for available routes
and the cost of that trip. For example, if I have flights (EDGEs) from:

1) St. Louis to Kansas City
2) Kansas City to Denver
3) St. Louis to Denver

and I query the system for flights between St. Louis to Denver I should
retrieve two routes

1) St. Louis to Kansas City to Denver
2) St. Louis to Denver

See the INPUT / OUTPUT section for more information on the specifics of
how to accept input and format output.

DESIGN:
The goal of this design is to be modular, easy to integrate with other systems,
and language agnostic. To facilitate these goals, this software is designed to
follow the linux philosophy and will use pipes for inter-process communication.
It will use the standard streams for all communication. 

NOTE: for more information, see the wikipedia article on Standard Streams or
look up how to read / write to stdin, stdout, stderr in your language of
choice.

OPERATING SYSTEM:
You can assume that the operating system will be compatible with a brand new 
Ubuntu 20.04 installation. Your program can be written in any language; however,
you will need to provide detailed instructions for the installation of any
dependencies. If your language of choice is compiled, please provide the source
as well as a compiled executable. If you have any challenges using a linux
based operating system, please contact phoenix@cend.com to discuss
other options.

INPUT / OUTPUT:
All input and output (referred to as a COMMAND from this point forward) will
have a similar format. The name of the COMMAND followed by a single whitespace,
then a comma separated list of parameters, then a new line. All COMMAND names
will contain only uppercase characters, the list of parameters may or may not
contain spaces.

INPUT:
There are two input COMMANDs, ADD and QUERY.

ADD:
An ADD COMMAND has exactly 4 parameters:
1) the name of originating city (string)
2) the name of the destination city (string)
3) the mileage for the leg (float)
4) the duration of the flight (float)

An ADD COMMAND will add or update the records stored by the system and will
output an EDGE COMMAND (see the output section for details) to stdout to report
a successful update.

QUERY:
A QUERY COMMAND has exactly 2 parameters:
1) the name of originating city (string)
2) the name of the destination city (string)

A QUERY COMMAND will search all stored records to determine all paths
from the originating city to the destination city. If at least one path from
the originating city to the destination city exists, a RESULT COMMAND should
be written to stdout followed by PATH COMMANDS, in ascending order of cost,
for each possible route.

If no paths from the originating city to the destination city exist,
the QUERY should be considered malformed (see the ERROR section).

OUTPUT:
EDGE:
An EDGE COMMAND has exactly 4 parameters:
1) the name of originating city (string)
2) the name of the destination city (string)
3) the mileage for the leg (float)
4) the duration of the flight (float)
For each successful ADD COMMAND, a corresponding EDGE COMMAND should be
written to stdout.

RESULT:
A RESULT COMMAND has exactly 2 parameters:
1) the name of originating city (string)
2) the name of the destination city (string)
For each successful QUERY COMMAND, a corresponding RESULT COMMAND should be
written to stdout.

PATH:
A PATH COMMAND has at least 3 parameters:
1) the cost of the path (float) (see NOTE below)
2) the originating city (string)
3, 4, ... n-1) the name of the next city in the path (string)
n) the destination city (string)
For each successful QUERY COMMAND, a corresponding PATH COMMAND for all
available paths should be written to stdout. These paths should be written in
ascending order by the cost of the path.

NOTE: A path is made up of "legs" from an originating city to a destination
city. The cost of an individual leg is defined as the mileage of the leg 
multiplied by 15 added to the flight time multiplied by 30 rounded to the
nearest hundredth. I.e. cost = mileage * 15 + flight time * 30. The cost 
of a path is the sum of the cost of each "leg" in the path.

ERROR:
An error should be generated for all malformed input COMMANDs. A command is
considered malformed if the name of the command is not listed in the INPUT
section, the COMMAND's parameters do not match the expected parameters, or the
COMMAND is otherwise considered malformed (see QUERY). All errors should write a
MALFORMED command to stderr.

MALFORMED:
A MALFORMED COMMAND has at least two parameters:

1) the name of the COMMAND that caused the error
2, 3, ... n) the parameters of the command that caused the error

TESTING:
To test your solution you have been provided three files: input.txt,
output.txt, and error.txt. The output.txt and error.txt files are the expected
output to stdout and stderr respectively if the program is given input.txt on
stdin. For example, if you have a python solution solution.py in the same
directory as these three files, the following terminal command should have no
output.

NOTE: the quoted portion is one line, the line break is for readability

"python solution.py < input.txt > actualOutput.txt 2> actualError.txt && diff
 -q output.txt actualOutput.txt && diff -q error.txt actualError.txt"

To test a solution in another language replace only the python specific portion of the command.

"{invoke language specific command here} < input.txt > actualOutput.txt 2> actualError.txt && diff
 -q output.txt actualOutput.txt && diff -q error.txt actualError.txt"

This command redirects stdin to the file input.txt, stdout to the file
actualOutput.txt, and stderr to the file actualError.txt. It then compares the
results with the expected output/errors using diff. If you wish to see more
detailed output on the differences remove the -q flag from the diff commands.
